add FAQ section (#82)
tlsnotary/docs-mdbook: src/faq.md

- [How exactly does a Verifier participate in the TLS connection?](#faq2)
- [What are the trust assumptions of the TLSNotary protocol?](#faq3)
- [What is the role of a Notary?](#faq4)
- [Is the Notary an essential part of the TLSNotary protocol?](#faq5)
- [Which TLS versions are supported?](#faq6)
- [What is the overhead of using the TLSNotary protocol?](#faq7)

### Doesn't TLS allow a third party to verify data authenticity? { #faq1 }

No, it does not. TLS is designed to guarantee the authenticity of data **only to the participants** of the TLS connection. TLS does not have a mechanism to enable the server to "sign" the data.

The TLSNotary protocol overcomes this limitation by making the third-party `Verifier` a participant in the TLS connection. 

### How exactly does a Verifier participate in the TLS connection? { #faq2 }

The `Verifier` collaborates with the `Prover` using secure multi-party computation (MPC). There is no requirement for the `Verifier` to monitor or to access the `Prover's` TLS connection. The `Prover` is the one who communicates with the server.

### What are the trust assumptions of the TLSNotary protocol? { #faq3 }

> The protocol does not have trust assumptions. In particular, it does not rely on secure hardware or on untamperability of the communication channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The protocol does not have trust assumptions. In particular, it does not rely on secure hardware or on the untamperability of the communication channel.
```

The protocol does not rely on participants to act honestly. Specifically, it guarantees that, on the one hand, a malicious `Prover` will not be able to convince the `Verifier` of the authenticity of false data, and, on the other hand, that a malicious `Verifier` will not be able to learn the private data of the `Prover`.

### What is the role of a Notary? { #faq4 }

In some scenarios where the `Verifier` is unable to participate in a TLS connection, they may choose to delegate the verification of the online phase of the protocol to an entity called the `Notary`.

Just like the `Verifier` would ([see FAQ above](#faq2)), the `Notary` collaborates with the `Prover` using MPC to enable the `Prover` to communicate with the server. At the end of the online phase, the `Notary` produces an attestation trusted by the `Verifier`. Then, in the offline phase, the `Verifier` is able to ascertain data authenticity based on the attestation.

### Is the Notary an essential part of the TLSNotary protocol? { #faq5 }

> No, it is not essential. The `Notary` is an optional role which we introduced in the `tlsn` library as a convenience mode to support `Verifiers` who may choose not to participate in the TLS connection themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, it is not essential. The `Notary` is an optional role which we introduced in the `tlsn` library as a convenience mode for `Verifiers` who choose to outsource the MPC-TLS verification to a `Notary`.
```

Author: I was deliberately trying to avoid the term `MPC-TLS verification`. I didnt want to prime the reader to the idea that there is MPC-TLS verification and app-specific data verification.
I just wanted a simple takeaway: "the Verifier cant be online, so the Verifier needs a Notary".
Could you re-evaluate you suggestion in this light and tell me if you agree?

Reviewer: Fine for me!

For historical reasons, we continue to refer to the protocol between the `Prover` and the `Verifier` as the "TLSNotary" protocol, even though the `Verifier` may choose not to use a `Notary`.

### Which TLS versions are supported? { #faq6 }

> We support TLS 1.2 which is an almost-universally deployed version of TLS on the Internet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support TLS 1.2, which is an almost-universally deployed version of TLS on the Internet. 
```

> The are no immediate plans to support TLS 1.3. Once the web starts to transition away from TLS 1.2, we will consider adding support for TLS 1.3 or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no immediate plans to support TLS 1.3. Once the web starts to transition away from TLS 1.2, we will consider adding support for TLS 1.3 or newer.
```
